{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green201\blue199;\red19\green20\blue20;\red127\green148\blue165;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c83137\c82745\c81961;\cssrgb\c9804\c10196\c10196;\cssrgb\c56863\c64706\c70588;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 http://unamis.bilkent.edu.tr adresinden Timely Usage PI(Project Instructor) olarak hesab\uc0\u305 m onayland\u305 :\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs23\fsmilli11900 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
UNAM USER GUIDELINES\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 UNAM is a shared user facility available to researchers, state enterprises and private sectors all over Turkey and the World.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can see the list of equipment and their {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://unam.bilkent.edu.tr/facility/#fees"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 usage fees}} on UNAM\'92s facility page.\cb1 \
\cb3 To benefit from the UNAM facilities, you need to register as a principle investigator (PI), submit a project via UNAM-IS.\cb1 \
\cb3 Once your project is approved by UNAM you will be able to assign researchers (students, postdoctoral researchers, engineers, technicians) and equipment to the project.\cb1 \
\cb3 External users (researchers not affiliated with Bilkent University) need to fill out the equipment usage request form and contact the Facility Management ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:facility@unam.bilkent.edu.tr"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 facility@unam.bilkent.edu.tr}} +90 (312) 2908045) to schedule an equipment.\cb1 \
\cb3 We kindly request you to take a minute to fill out our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://unam.bilkent.edu.tr/facility/?page_id=304"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 satisfaction survey}} to let us know how we are doing. This is very important for us to improve the service we provide you.\cb1 \
\cb3 All users are required to follow the safety rules and guidelines of UNAM while they are using the facilities.}